Setting up Milestone Checklist Plugins

Step 1 - unzip folder into ../mantisbtx-x.x.xx/plugins.

Step 2 - Login with an account that has admin access.

Step 3 - Click Manage on the menu bar.

Step 4 - Click Manage Plugins on the sub menu bar.

Step 5 - At the bottom of the page, there should be a "Available Plugins" 
section. In that section find "Milestone CheckList 1.0" and click Install.

Step 6 - After you click install you should see a new tab (Milestone) 
on the menu bar.

You are done.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Using the plugin

Well now you have install the plugin, it's time to use it.

Step 1 - Go to Manage on the menu bar.

Step 2 - Click on Manage Plugins on the sub menu bar.

Step 3 - In the Installed Plugin section of the page find 
"Milestone Checklist 1.0" and click on it.

Step 4 - We need to create categories, click on it in the
sub menu. 

Step 5 - In the field next to the add_category button create a new 
category. It can be anything such as Email, Website, Menu, etc. For now 
lets use Email as example. So go ahead and fill the field in with Email 
and hit the add_category button.

Step 6 - Now go to Create Milestones in the sub menu. Create as many 
milestones you see fit for Emails. Example Checking Links, Checking Copy, 
Checking Image, etc. You can create other milestones if you didn't follow 
the email example.

Step 7 - Go back to Create Categories, and edit the category you created.

Step 8 - In the Add Milestones section check all the milestones you want
to assocaite with this category. Click add_milestone, and you're done.

Step 9 - Go to change category on the sub menu. All the project category
should be visible. You can select a new category under Current Category
column. After you select the category the current milestones will be updated
too.

Step 10 - Now click on Milestone on the menu bar. You can check the milestones
that has been completed and click on update. The milestones that has been 
completed will change its color to blue.

if you have any questions or feedbacks feel free to contact me.

